OSLib is copyright Â© 1994, 1998 Jonathan Coxhead. It is distributed in the 
hope that it will be useful, but without any warranty; without even the implied 
warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.

Jonathan wrote OSLib during the time that he was employed by Acorn Computers 
Ltd during the mid-1990s, as a private project, but generously ceded the 
copyright for specific versions to them. For that reason OSLib version 5.1 was 
available from the Acorn Computers FTP site under their copyright. With the 
demise of Acorn in 1999, their FTP site was closed, and this is now the only 
supported source for OSLib.

After Jonathan left Acorn in 1995, he continued with the development of OSLib, 
and in December 1998 released version 5.3 as free source software under the GNU 
General Public licence version 1, or (at your option) any later version.

Under the conditions of this licence, the term 'free' is used in the context of 
'unfettered' rather than 'gratis'. It means that the source code is freely 
available, and that anyone may use it to build and distribute a version of 
their own, with the two provisos that they make no charge for it, other than 
the reasonable cost of the distribution media, and that they redistribute all 
copyright and ownership notices intact. The new distribution may not be under 
more onerous terms than the original.

The copyright holder has granted a small relaxation of the conditions of the 
GNU Public Licence, in that OSLib is itself free software, but applications 
linked to it need not be. This means that any changes to OSLib itself (the 
contents of the OSLib, OSLibHelp, OSLibSrc, and OSLibSupport archives) fall 
under the terms of the GNU General Public Licence; but programs written using 
OSLib need not be so restricted.

In other words, OSLib may be freely used in the construction of proprietary 
software. However, do please consider joining the ever increasing free software 
movement, by releasing your work under an Open Source approved license. Free 
source is good; hoarded source bad!

Naturally, although anyone may make a distribution, it does not make much sense 
for lots of different distributions with different capabilities to spring up, 
and the developer team therefore request that any submissions for inclusion be 
routed here. This is the sole reference site for OSLib supported by the author 
and copyright holder, Jonathan Coxhead.